feat: local mode token protection (#245)
defenseunicorns/uds-runtime: docs/api-auth.md

> API AUTHENTICATION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# API AUTHENTICATION
```

> API authentication is used prevent unauthorized access to the API from other processes when running UDS Runtime locally. The API uses a token-based authentication system. The token is generated by the backend server and is used to authenticate the user. API authentication is enabled based on the value of the `API_AUTH_ENABLED` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
API authentication is used to prevent unauthorized access to the API from other processes when running UDS Runtime locally. The API uses a token-based authentication system. The token is generated by the backend server and is used to authenticate the user. API authentication is enabled based on the value of the `API_AUTH_ENABLED` environment variable.
```

> API authentication has been implemented for when running locally, to prevent unauthorized access to the API from other processes. The API uses a token-based authentication system. The token is generated by the backend server and is used to authenticate the user. API authentication is enabled based on the value of the `VITE_API_AUTH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API authentication is used prevent unauthorized access to the API from other processes when running UDS Runtime locally. The API uses a token-based authentication system. The token is generated by the backend server and is used to authenticate the user. API authentication is enabled based on the value of the `VITE_API_AUTH` environment variable.
```
